Improvements to installation docs (#984)
hedgedoc/hedgedoc: docs/content/setup/getting-started.md

1. Choose an installation method and follow the instructions
2. [Configure your reverse proxy](https://docs.hedgedoc.org/guides/reverse-proxy/)
3. [Configure HedgeDoc](https://docs.hedgedoc.org/configuration/)
4. If you didn't disable [local accounts](/configuration/#email-local-account), you can use the "Sign In" button to
   create an account, login and start using HedgeDoc.

Follow us on <a href="https://social.hedgedoc.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferer noopener">:fontawesome-brands-mastodon:{: .mastodon }Mastodon</a> or <a href="https://social.hedgedoc.org/twitter" target="_blank" rel="noreferer noopener">:fontawesome-brands-twitter:{: .twitter }Twitter</a> for updates.

## Upgrading HedgeDoc

HedgeDoc follows [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/).  

> This means that minor and patch releases should not introduce user-facing backwards-incompatible changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that minor and patch releases shouldn't introduce user-facing backwards-incompatible changes.
```

Reviewer: personal preference :shrug:

You can find more details about upgrading in the instructions of your installation method.

!!! warning
    Before you upgrade, **always read the release notes**.  
    You can find them on our [releases page](https://hedgedoc.org/releases/).

## Migrating from CodiMD & HackMD
Migrating from CodiMD <= 1.6.0 or HackMD <= 1.1.0 to HedgeDoc should be safe,
just make sure to read the release notes.  
A particular issue that has come up is when handling TLS connections when using a reverse proxy.

> You must [set the `X-Forwarded-Proto` header correctly](https://docs.hedgedoc.org/guides/reverse-proxy/).

Reviewer 2: I think, it's best if the user updated to CodiMD 1.6.0 before making the switch… And do you mean HackMDs CodiMD or an super early version of HackMDs CodiMD still named HackMD?

Author: `CodiMD <= 1.6.0 or HackMD <= 1.1.0` is "our" code

> You must [set the `X-Forwarded-Proto` header correctly](https://docs.hedgedoc.org/guides/reverse-proxy/#reverse-proxy-config).

Reviewer: Random information?

Author: Nah, we had that issue come up so many times that it seems sensible to highlight it
